*section : Generalized Hypergeometric Functions

The generalized hypergeometric series is a power series
having rational coefficients.

The generalized hypergeometric series has the form

pFq (a1, ..., ap ; b1, ..., bq ; z) = Sum_0^infty { [(a1)n ... (ap)n] / [(b1)n ... (bq)n] } z^n ,

where the symbols (a1)n ... (ap)n and (b1)n ... (bq)n represent
the so-called Pochhammer symbols (also called rising factorials)
and the argument z can be real or complex.

The generalized hypergeometric series is remarkably versatile because
many well-known functions of pure and applied mathematics are special
cases of the generalized hypergeometric series. Some well-known special cases
of the generalized hypergeometric series include various mathematical constants,
elementary transcendental functions, Bessel functions,
the incomplete gamma function, confluent hypergemetric functions,
generalized Legendre functions, the dilogarithm function, various polynomials,
and (infinitely) many more. In particular, the hypergeometric function
1F1(a ; b ; x) is also called the confluent hypergeometric function of
the first kind M(a, b, x), and the lower incomplete gamma function is
a special case thereof.

For more information, see

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Generalized_hypergeometric_function

The generalized hypergeometric series can be extended to include
non-rational coefficients. This results in a series that can be
successfully numerically calculated in certain parameter ranges.
Generalized hypergeometric series with irrational coefficients,
however, do not correspond to any known special functions.
We will call generalized hypergeometric series with irrational
coefficients generalized hypergeometric functions.
TBD: Chris : verify this!

The Boost.Math library does not intend to provide support for all
generalized hypergeometric functions with unlimited numbers of
parameters and ranges of parameters and argument. But rather,
the Boost.Math library supports selected special cases of
generalized hypergeometric functions that frequently arise in
science and engineering. These are described in the following 
sections.

**subsection : The Hypergeometric Function 1F1(a ; b ; x)

The hypergeometric function 1F1(a ; b ; x) is calculated for real-valued
coefficients and real-valued argument using a variety of numerical
methods in various convergence regions.

When calculating 1F1(a ; b ; x), certain tests are applied to the
parameters a, b and the argument x in order to decide which algorithm
is expected to have the best convergence properties. The corresponding
algorithm is subsequently selected and used for the calculation
of 1F1(a ; b ; x).

For small parameters a, b and small argument x, a Taylor series
is used. For example, the calculation of 1F1(1/2, 2/3, 0.1234)
uses a Taylor series.

For small parameters a, b and large argument x, a divergent
asymptotic series is used. Here, the series is terminated
as soon as the desired precision has been reached yet before the
series begins to diverge. For example, the calculation of
1F1(1/2, 2/3, 1234.5) uses a divergent asymptotic series.

For small parameters a, b and intermediate argument x,
various methods are used. These include recurrence relations
with series of Bessel functions, recurrence relations with
series of shifted Chebyshev polynomials, continued fractions,
Pade approximations, and rational approximations.
The references for these numerical methods include:
TBD: list the references.
TBD: Provide an example of a calculation in this intermediate
parameter range.

For some parameter ranges, there is no known convergent
computational method for fixed-precision floating-point types.
In these cases, an out-of-range exception is thrown.
One such case is if the coefficient a is much larger than
the coefficient b and the argument x is in the region of the
coefficient a. For example, the attempted computation of
1F1(1234, 1/4, 1000) throws an out-of-range exception.
TBD: Is this really correct, or do we need another example
and slight modification of the text?

The following parameter ranges are supported for 1F1(a ; b ; x):
TBD: List the supported parameter ranges.
